In Mrs. Doubtfire, the straight man husband actually knew what things he could do to keep in the wife’s good graces. He just didn’t do them while they were married. He wasn’t willing to chip into the relationship.

This is the premise for my life.

Men can learn how to be good partners and participants for everyone they interact with, but they’re not willing to surrender their male ego vanity.

So I worked to build video games that would showcase a world where no one is exempt from emotional literacy and conflict resolution.

The major problem in most Utopia stories is an overreliance on the assumption that we will all be able to agree on things at some point. The Gottmans have shown us that 69% of the conflicts we have will be persistent.

We can live in perpetual conflict, but like Gunnar Rohrbacher’s Comedy Code’s definition of Unconditional Love, comedy pushes the bonds of family (found or natural) as far as they will go, drama breaks those bonds.

By showing people who have an unshakeable intention (and backed up by training) to stick with the people in their lives, we can showcase a world that isn’t about hierarchy, it isn’t about being right, and is instead about dancing within the tension caused by our desire to keep people around us but our desire also to know what we want and why we want it.

I have been working on this for twenty years. I am tired. I have not been paid. This was basically unfunded research and development. It’s paid off as much as I have the basic skills needed to speak about what we need to build, but I cannot yet give many examples.

I can draw but it’s taxing, so I don’t want to do it much. I can 3D model but it’s taxing so I don’t want to do it much. Realistically making 3D models of characters is the better way to go because I can shove animations into them from animation libraries.

I can do some voice acting but not a ton of distinct voices.

I have a good voice.

I cannot be on screen right now because I had a medical issue that made me gain weight and it is still resolving, so until I’m fit again camera is out.

I can do some infographics but I’m not majorly skilled at them.

I can do some whiteboard stuff but it’s a bit taxing.

I need to create content.

I can create content on TikTok, Blue Sky, YouTube and YouTube shorts. I also have a website so I could create blogs but I feel most blogging is done now. I can do email newsletter things and I can also write courses (though organizing the courses is very difficult for me because there is not a known format to follow for these topics).

I need to create enough content to build an audience. I want to find the people who have minds that are trained to think abstractly. I imagine this may be the table top roleplaying crowd but I am not sure.

The idea is I want to be known for the person trying to show healthy relationships in games.

I believe a way to start this is with a series called Perpetual Conflicts which is always two characters who are knee-deep into a conflict.

Using archetypes from Gunnar Rorhbacher’s Comedy Code, and Sally Hogshead’s How the World Sees you, I intend to make each character see the world in a valid but mutually exclusive way so that they cannot ever be fully at rest.

I have many different characters I’ve tried to create but none of them took off.

Right now, I am trying this:

Two gay men who run a business together.

They are space elves living in a society with roughly the same technology but space travel planetville planets etc.

There is also a little bit of magic. But it’s largely cantrip and convenience magic. Magic works like game design, you can work your whole life creating one spell effect or you can learn to work with others.

In this way, the idea is we show people having to work together to cast various spells.

The spells are made more from a crafting mindset than an arcane unknowable mindset.

We use a system like the Sims 3’s inspiration meter, where when the conditions for the sim are good enough they enter into an inspired state. We reverse this in our game. It’s a stress meter. You have to be free-enough of stress to bring magic into the world. It’s the same mechanic of setting the conditions right to enter a state but instead of “being inspired” which many balk at, it is “getting stress out of the way” which a lot of people will get on board with.

The audience is 25 to 40 years old. They are far enough in life that they are no longer driven by vague dreams of what life may be.

The world is falling apart around them and they are looking to figure out how to build themselves strong enough to survive the coming changes. One poster referred to it being like being Sarah Connor in Terminator knowing what’s coming and getting ready.

I named myself Noah because of the principle Kennedy said, “the best time to patch your roof is while the sun is shining, but most people wait until the rains again to even remember they have a problem.”

I say we need to take every good moment we can find and invest it in building our emotional life rafts.

I believe that the Gottmans are the way out. That if we can learn how to understand one another, we actually already have enough smart people to get out of this, but they are not yet good at being heard. And there are bad-actors out there who mean us harm who like stirring up controversy to tank the systems of the world and consolidate power for themselves.

We must learn sales and media literacy. Those who seek to make us slaves, they understand sales and media literacy.

Therefore.

I want to show people what it looks like when we have enough people to rely on one another. Too many people are scattered right now, and those who want community do not yet understand how much smarter and abstract thinkers they are going to have to become. 

John Green said that we are bad at imagining one another complexly. I believe we can help show that.

So I need help making my content.

The focus right now needs to be on showing two people in the middle of a conflict. I believe that work related conflicts are good. I think that in many cases, people are not ready to take anything but perfection and that people don’t agree on which things we can let go in order to get good-enough instead of nothing.

Maybe we make them husbands maybe they’re just friends. However it comes down, we show the intimacy of friendship, whether that becomes romantic or not.

But we show the intimacy. We show them opening up to one another and taking issue with one another. We show them accidentally betraying one another’s trust on various topics so that they have to mend.

I want the show to be about mending not preventing everything.

I only have 60 seconds per encounter so that’s not a lot of time. I have to use comedic heightening to get somewhere fast.

The idea is that people will see this and they will see multiple and start to get the joke. I reckon I’ll need half a dozen watched, per person, before I root in their mind as someone who is an ally in their attempt to salvage their own lives.

The characters I am using are Alvin McAllister and Thornton Groundpants.

Alvin is a retired space marshal who went from planet to planet settling disputes. He also got caught up in some end-of-the-universe plot and doesn’t like to talk about it much. He settled down on the same world as Thornton as an attempt to build more in the same region rather than always skip to the new problem. That old quote about how “everyone wants to build, but no one wants to maintain.” So now he’s got plumber’s mentality of we need to an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure, and we need to take care of the things we have.

Also this world is based on the idea that we don’t need new things.

It’s based on the idea that Malcolm Gladwell figured out that we need to spend less money on 4 star chefs at colleges because instead we could be using that money for scholarships.

So people repair their things not because of an income inequality like most cyberpunk stories, but instead because to reuse is to have more energy left over for those who are pushing the boundaries of thought forward.

“We will be soldiers so our sons can be farmers so their sons can be artists.” People are now in the stage where it is seen as an honor to maintain the world around us so that others can reach farther into thought than we ever have before.

Thornton was in repair already. Well maybe construction. I sort of had him working mostly with an event company building things. But he had a dream of being good at this sport. It’s a monster battling sport sort of thing. Except that you summon spirits to duke it out. 

He had an arc of stepping away in middle age to do this, and then got really good at it. Basically he was good at it because he had better depth of connection with the spirits he summoned because he usually used those spirits for construction work, so he did a better job than the people who used their spirits for battle only. 3 vs 3 fights. So his spirits worked together as a team to win.

Thornton moved to Strut which is the most dog-eat-dog province/world, and tried being a professional monster battler. He liked being good at it, and enjoys it at the community level but he doesn’t see a future in the pro sport because it becomes less about the game and more about consolidated power. He got into a relationship during that time but ended up leaving on good-enough terms with the guy.

Thornton returned to his home and started working again.

How Alvin and Thornton got together I do not know, but it doesn’t matter right now.

The point is they have the same situations that a person in real life would have. They have to work out their business, who their customer is, how to sell their service, etc. 

And it puts pressure on them.

They are content creators as their way to build authority in their local community. Remember this is in-world social media. But I use them making their social media posts, as my own social media to showcase two people in conflict.

It might be too meta so idk. But in any event it’s finding relatable moments of Perpetual Conflict, but unlike most in the space of skits and webcomics, I know the way out, so in an unironic way, they dip out of the comedy into actual conflict resolution. But in 60 seconds we won’t see the whole resolution. on Blue Sky I might do longer videos where you see more of the resolving idk.

This world has more people who are lost than people who can teach. We need more people who can teach. So we show Thornton and Alvin learning to teach and teaching one another.

Alvin has more marketing/sales/communication skills, but is not “handy” like Thornton. Alvin is helping sell Thornton’s know-how. This creates conflicts.
